---
title: 'But for...'
date: 2012-12-18T11:58:00+00:00
layout: post
permalink: /2012/12/18/but-for/
categories:
  - Devotional
  - Faith
---



<div>
  “There but for the grace of God, go I.”
</div>

<div>
  I’ve thought that so many times.
</div>

<div>
  When I see single moms struggling to make ends meet. When I bump into bitter and angry cancer survivors fighting desperately for one more day, week, month… When I see sad and lonely people lost in crowds.
</div>

<div>
  My heart breaks over the shooting in CT. That could have been my classroom. Those could have been my little ones.
</div>

<div>
  But by the grace of God it wasn’t.
</div>

<div>
  Here’s where I might make a few enemies – my heat breaks for the shooter.
</div>

<div>
  Yes, the pain and loss of those 18 innocent little ones was a horrifying tragedy. But if those little ones are all where I think they are now, then their tragedy is over and their joy is complete.
</div>

<div>
  But the shooter? Where is his soul?
</div>

<div>
  And my heart weeps in fear of the answer.
</div>

<div>
  Because there, but for the grace of God, go we all.
</div>

<div>
  You see, I used to be bitter, angry, alone. I never picked up a gun, but I did lash out at the innocent with my tongue now and then before God’s grace got a grip on me. Who knows where I’d be now…
</div>

<div>
  So why did God’s grace catch me, and not him?
</div>

<div>
  Here’s my simple theory: I had a grandmother who prayed for me.
</div>

<div>
  I don’t think he did.
</div>

<div>
  And it breaks my heart to realize it too late to help him. But it opens my eyes a bit wider, too.
</div>

<div>
  Will you open yours with me? Let’s look for someone to pray for today.
</div>
