---
title: "I'm Going!"
date: 2012-04-10T11:16:00+00:00
layout: post
permalink: /2012/04/10/im-going/
categories:
  - Daily Life
---



<div style="color: #20124d; line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0.0001pt;">
  <span style="font-size: large;">I’m going to the Dominican!</span>
</div>

<div style="color: #20124d; line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0.0001pt;">
  <span style="font-size: large;">Here’s what happened:</span>
</div>

<div style="color: #20124d; line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0.0001pt;">
</div>

<div style="color: #20124d; line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0.0001pt;">
  Back in February, at Grammy’s 90<sup>th</sup> birthday party, the leader of our church’s annual April vacation expedition approached my son to ask if he wanted to join the team. Someone had backed out, but their scholarship was still available. So my son said yes. I briefly looked into joining myself, but I would have to buy a separate ticket and raise the rest of the funds. Also, there was the minor detail of not actually having an April vacation – we’d had so many snow days after the Halloween snow storm that the school committee chose to get rid of the April vacation to keep the summer one.
</div>

<div style="color: #20124d; line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0.0001pt;">
  Of course, after this mild winter, they graciously gave back our April vacation.
</div>

<div style="color: #20124d; line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0.0001pt;">
</div>

<div style="color: #20124d; line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0.0001pt;">
  Then, last Saturday, a friend texted me and asked me to pray about going on the trip with them. Someone else had to back out due to health issues. I made my list of pros and cons and stopped by her house the next day to discuss it. She and her husband quickly refuted and crossed each con off my list – except for the issue of money. Unfortunately, there was no scholarship – I’d have to come up with the money in less than two weeks. They offered me $200 on the spot. Only $1200 to go… Undecided, I went home. Where I found an unexpected back child support check for $1500 waiting for me on the table.
</div>

<div style="color: #20124d; line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0.0001pt;">
</div>

<div style="color: #20124d; line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0.0001pt;">
  I spent the next two days in prayer, and garnished some long distance support from a friend. I went for a long walk in the woods and found a tree fallen across a river where I curled up and chatted with Abba. Still no answer. I was completely undecided – but it felt like God was slowly peeling me like an onion as we discussed each aspect. Do I really want to go? Why do I want to go? What am I so scared of? What will I do there? What about staying here and getting my book done?
</div>

<div style="color: #20124d; line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0.0001pt;">
</div>

<div style="color: #20124d; line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0.0001pt;">
  Finally, on Tuesday, I went to visit Grammy. She knows all the answers. She looked at me and said, “If it were me, I would say no. But you have to decide what He wants you to do.” So I kept praying. It was Wednesday morning, when I suddenly found a strong desire in my heart to go. I wanted to see the women and children I’d been praying for. I wanted to encourage the teens who’d been through my Sunday school class and had joined this trip. I wanted to be an on-the-spot prayer friend for my friends who were going…
</div>

<div style="color: #20124d; line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0.0001pt;">
</div>

<div style="color: #20124d; line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0.0001pt;">
  Finally, I just whisper-shouted up to Abba, “Can I go?” His “Yes, child” came back before I’d even finished the question and I was halfway through the next question before I’d realized He’d answered. I danced through the rest of the morning and went on-line to order my ticket during my prep (I worked through lunch to make up the time). I typed in the date, and selected the flight number that my son would be on – “There is one seat left on this flight” – and I booked my trip.
</div>

<div style="color: #20124d; line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0.0001pt;">
</div>

<div style="color: #20124d; line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0.0001pt;">
  This Saturday I stopped by to visit with Grammy and let her know that I’d chosen to go. I was a little worried about how she’d feel about it, but she only smiled at me and said, “I know you are. It was the right choice for you to make.” We talked a little more, then she told me that she used to support the Sugar Cane Kids project. She can’t send money anymore, so now she’s sending her granddaughter and great grandson with her blessing.
</div>

<div style="color: #20124d; line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0.0001pt;">
</div>

<div style="color: #20124d; line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0.0001pt; text-align: center;">
  <span style="font-size: large;">Don’t you love how Abba answers prayers?</span>
</div>

<div style="color: #20124d; line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0.0001pt; text-align: center;">
  <span style="font-size: large;">I’m going to the Dominican!</span>
</div>
