---
title: "It's time..."
date: 2013-05-01T12:36:00+00:00
layout: post
permalink: /2013/05/01/its-time-2/
categories:
  - Cancer
  - Daily Life
---
<div style="color: purple;">
  I got the call last night that my application has been approved.Tonight I&#8217;m going to head out to the Second Chance Animal Shelter to find my new soulmate.
</div>

<div style="color: purple;">
  I&#8217;m getting a pedicure this afternoon because it&#8217;s imperative that my feet are up to snuff for that first sniff. What do you wear for such an important first impression?
</div>

<div style="color: purple;">
  I am so excited right now that there isn&#8217;t even an iota of fear about the important I have with my oncologist in two hours&#8230;
</div>

<div style="color: purple;">
</div>

<div style="color: purple;">
  Isn&#8217;t it neat how God works?
</div>

<div style="color: purple;">
</div>

<div style="color: purple;">
  I remember when I first thought of getting a dog. I wanted a companion to fill the empty nest and to hike in the woods with me. But instead of the butterflies of excitement I have now, it was dragonflies of fear whenever I thought of the commitment. What if I&#8217;m too tired? What if I need another surgery &#8212; who&#8217;ll take it for walks? What if the cancer comes back? How do you explain to a dog that you&#8217;re dying? Who will tell the puppy waiting for me by the door that I&#8217;ll never get home?
</div>

<div style="color: purple;">
</div>

<div style="color: purple;">
  Cancer can take away your ability and desire to make long term plans and commitments.
</div>

<div style="color: purple;">
</div>

<div style="color: purple;">
  But God can give it back.
</div>

<div style="color: purple;">
</div>

<div style="color: purple;">
  I also remember the day when I shared these fears with a friend. Before I could even finish my list of what if&#8217;s, she barged right in with the simple words, &#8220;I&#8217;ll take him&#8221; and the simple promise that no matter what happened to me, that dog would still be loved.
</div>

<div style="color: purple;">
</div>

<div style="color: purple;">
  Friends &#8212; do you have any idea what heavy loads you lift off tired shoulders with only your simple words?
</div>

<div style="color: purple;">
</div>

<div style="color: purple;">
  Just the reminder that no one truly walks alone helps get me through the darker days.
</div>

<div style="color: purple;">
  But today there&#8217;s not even a hint of darkness.
</div>

<div style="color: purple;">
  Because today I&#8217;m letting go of the fears and embracing the Hope.
</div>

<div style="color: purple;">
</div>

<div style="color: purple;">
  This May marks 6 years since my diagnosis.
</div>

<div style="color: purple;">
  Six years!
</div>

<div style="color: purple;">
</div>

<div style="color: purple;">
  Every milestone this year will bump me out of that dreaded 3-5 bracket and into a whole new future. And I&#8217;m ready to share that future.
</div>

<span style="color: purple;">Time to pet proof the house&#8230;</span>
