---
title: Day Seven
date: 2014-07-30T02:57:00+00:00
layout: post
permalink: /2014/07/30/day-seven/
categories:
  - Daily Life
---
_Due to technical difficulties, this morning&#8217;s post is going up now. I did end up riding my bike at Arches. 🙂_

I love sitting on a KOA porch swing. I&#8217;m here, slowly swinging, before most of the campers have woken up. There are a couple of bleary eyed people meandering to the bathroom, but everything else has the feeling of a ghost town.

Today is day seven. But it&#8217;s not a day of rest. Today I&#8217;ll be riding my bicycle through Arches National Park.

Day five was spent meandering my way to Boulder where I reconnected with my cousin and his wife. The morning of day six was spent hiking on a mountain, and then curling up in a comfy chair and working on my book. Then we went out to eat, and they sent me off with a cooler full of fried chicken and potato salad.

From there I drove through the Rockies. In a thunderstorm. With a minimum speed limit of 55.
  
Ok, ok, no one was actually driving that fast in the storm and I never actually heard any thunder &#8211; just lots of heavy rain and lightning. The tunnels under the mountains made for some peaceful driving. It was a bit of white knuckle driving &#8212; but when you come through the storm you&#8217;re left with the feeling &#8216;if I can do that, I can do anything.&#8217;

I got to my KOA just before eight. Enjoyed some fried chicken, did a little writing, then went to bed. I&#8217;m getting very close to halfway through my road trip budget. Time to start planning the trip home. Through Houston.

After I ride my bike in Arches.