---
title: Answering a Pledgedrive
date: 2015-10-09T10:21:00+00:00
layout: post
permalink: /2015/10/09/answering-a-pledgedrive/
categories:
  - Cancer
  - Daily Life
  - Devotional
---
I was driving in to work yesterday, with my local Christian radio station playing. About five minutes from work, it began to get staticky, like it always does. I pressed the button for my second choice and K-LOVE came on. They&#8217;re in the middle of their fall pledge drive. As the dj&#8217;s began asking everyone to pray about giving and listen quietly, I sent up my not-very-heart-felt prayer for clarification. I had to sort out the feelings &#8211; was I feeling guilted by a skillful dj or convicted by the Holy Spirit. I need a clear sign to part with my money. Then a brief testimony was shared over the airwaves. A woman who was not a Christian, but who is seriously contemplating the idea after listening to this station. &#8220;That testimony was from Monica,&#8221; the dj called out. &#8220;Are there any other Monica&#8217;s out there who are able to give?&#8221; Yes. That was sufficiently clear. But I didn&#8217;t know the number. So the dj&#8217;s began chanting the number together. Unfortunately, I was still driving, and my phone was in the bottom of my bag in the back of my car. I promised that if I still remembered the number when I got to work, I&#8217;d call in. A song came on as I pulled into the parking lot. I fetched out my phone and looked at it, knowing I&#8217;d never remember the number. A couple of digits flashed through my head and I typed in the numbers, guessing at a couple. I crossed my fingers as the phone began to ring (I won&#8217;t tell you which side I was rooting for). &#8220;K-LOVE radio&#8221; said the voice on the other side. So I offered my pledge. &#8220;What&#8217;s your name?&#8221; &#8220;Monica&#8221; I had to go into work after that, so I never did find out how many Monica&#8217;s pledged that day. But here&#8217;s the real point of the story. He&#8217;s taking my information, I&#8217;m tapping my fingers on the steering wheel and watching the clock so I&#8217;m not late, and the whole process is taking forever. Then he suddenly asked, &#8220;Is there anything we can pray about for you?&#8221; I wasn&#8217;t expecting that. But I needed that. And the words came bubbling out. &#8216;I&#8217;m an eight year breast cancer survivor, and at the end of the month I&#8217;m having a Basel cel carcinoma removed&#8230; This time it&#8217;s on my face which is what&#8217;s really freaking me out&#8230;&#8217; We chatted a while. He has a friend who had breast cancer which came back as skin cancer in the same place. He said that our God is the great healer. I agreed. And I said that even when He doesn&#8217;t heal, it&#8217;s all part of a great plan. He agreed. We talked about the good He gives us through the bad. I talked about my book. He wrote the name down and said he was going to pick up a copy. Then it was time to hang up and go to work. &#8216;God bless,&#8217; he said. He already has. Over abundantly. Incredibly. In the most beautifully unexpected ways. I&#8217;m certainly not saying that you have to go out and find a pledge drive to give to. Just listen. And if He clearly says to do something, do it. Then tell me your story of amazement. God bless!