---
title: Time
date: 2016-09-02T14:19:00+00:00
layout: post
permalink: /2016/09/02/time/
categories:
  - Devotional
  - Faith
---
<div>
  I’ve found that there are two incredibly important facts that I’ve never really been able to grasp. The first is how powerful God really is.
</div>

<div>
  The second is how valuable I actually am.<o:p></o:p>
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  The other day as I puttered through my morning routine, I fleetingly wished that I had more time to sit and visit with my Abba. Life was moving too fast – especially right now, at a teacher’s busiest time of the year. There just wasn’t enough time to get it all done.<o:p></o:p>
</div>

<div>
  But that thought was quickly followed up with the gentle reminder that God created time – and as with everything else, He made the exact amount that He knew I’d need.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes;">  </span>Not too much. And not too little.<o:p></o:p>
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  Which brings me to that first fact.<o:p></o:p>
</div>

<div>
  If I truly believe that God is all-powerful, I wouldn’t be clinging to each second in desperate fear that there won’t be enough.<o:p></o:p>
</div>

<div>
  If I truly believe that God is all-powerful, I could collapse on my knees and give Him all the time He craves – and somehow the bills would still get paid. Or not.<o:p></o:p>
</div>

<div>
  Maybe the bills wouldn’t get paid and I’d lose my house and someone else would buy it and use it in amazing ways that would advance the kingdom of God. Or not.<o:p></o:p>
</div>

<div>
  Maybe no one would buy it and it would sit derelict and the weeds would overgrow the yard and a homeless family would squat there, living off the wild grapes and the apples…<o:p></o:p>
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  If I truly believe God is all-powerful, I’d let Him take control.
</div>

<div>
  But letting go of control is often a terrifying thought.<o:p></o:p>
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  Which brings me to the second fact.<o:p></o:p>
</div>

<div>
  I am very valuable.<o:p></o:p>
</div>

<div>
  I was not created for the here and now. This living in a white house, getting ready for a new school year, this is just where He’s placed me. This is just a bubble of time that He created and placed me in to give me a chance to taste and explore life. This is where I am to serve. This is where I am to take time to sit with Him. This is where I am to fall in love with Him and discover how much He loves me. This is where I am to share Him with others, and show them what He’s done for me and for them.<o:p></o:p>
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  But this is not what I was created for.
</div>

<div>
  I am so much more valuable than that.<o:p></o:p>
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  I was created for eternity.<o:p></o:p>
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  This is my chance to choose my place in eternity.<o:p></o:p>
</div>

<div>
  And I choose to spend it with Him. <o:p></o:p>
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  So if I believe that I am valuable, I can trust that His plan for me is good.
</div>

<div>
  And if I believe that He is all-powerful, I can trust that He can follow through on that plan. <o:p></o:p>
</div>

<div>
  Which means I can stop puttering though my morning routine, clinging to each second and worrying that I&#8217;ll run out. Because in His wisdom, power, and love, He’s given me exactly what I need.
</div>







<div>
  Time.<o:p></o:p>
</div>