---
title: Sunshine
date: 2018-01-05T15:16:22+00:00
layout: post
permalink: /2018/01/05/sunshine/
categories:
  - Daily Life
  - Faith
---
I could tell something was different when I woke up this morning. Even with the room darkening window curtains, there was light in my room, sneaking in around the edges of the maroon curtains. I went into the living room, and slowly tugged on the heavy curtains. As I pulled them open, sunshine flooded into my living room. The world is still white and cold, but it’s also dazzlingly bright.

Somehow, everything is better when it’s sunny.

According to Wikipedia, “The Sun is the star at the center of the Solar System. It is a nearly perfect sphere of hot plasma, with internal convective motion that generates a magnetic field via a dynamo process. It is by far the most important source of energy for life on Earth.”

As I sit with my cats in a puddle of sunshine after enduring a dark winter storm, I am grateful. I am hopeful. I am energized. But I have to disagree with part of that Wikipedia description. Or maybe just add to it.

Because I know a greater source of Energy, of Hope, of Light. Our sun is awfully amazing, but even it had a birth and a beginning. It had a Creator who carefully hung it in the center of our galaxy and set it on fire to keep us warm. A Creator Who then carefully crafted each one of us. A Creator Who sent His own Son to walk among us and show us the way home. We celebrated his birthday less than a month ago. I believe that that Son is by far the most important source of energy, of hope, and of peace for life of earth.

As Larry Norman sang in _The Great American Novel_, “Don’t ask me for the answer, I’ve only got one: that a man leaves his darkness when he follows the Son.”

&nbsp;