---
title: "Heaven"
layout: post
categories:
  - Devotional
---
<p>Do you ever wonder what Heaven&rsquo;s going to be like?</p>
<p>I often see cartoons with people sitting around on clouds with angel wings, halos, and harps. I&rsquo;ve tried to learn musical instruments. I can play This Old Man on the piano, and can sort of play Be Thou My Vision on the mandolin. But music has never been in my skillset. I love to listen to it, but I can&rsquo;t picture hanging around with a harp for any length of time. There&rsquo;s got to be more to it than that.</p>
<p>I can&rsquo;t remember where I read it, but I remember a description of someone wandering into a library in Heaven. He had read a lot of C. S. Lewis books in life, so he went to that shelf and began browsing titles, and was very surprised to see a whole bunch of books by Lewis that he&rsquo;d never even heard of. That was when he noticed a man sitting at a desk, writing. The man looked up and said something like, &ldquo;I&rsquo;ve written some of my best books since I&rsquo;ve died.&rdquo;</p>
<p>That sounds more like the kind of Heaven I want to end up in. A place where we keep doing what we&rsquo;re good at, only to realize that we&rsquo;re even better at it than we ever thought we could be.</p>
<p>In Lewis&rsquo; The Last Battle, as the characters all arrive in Aslan&rsquo;s Country and being moving further up and further in, they realize that it&rsquo;s like the layers of an onion, only each layer in is bigger than the one before. There&rsquo;s always something new to see and explore and learn.</p>
<p>I believe that&rsquo;s what Heaven will be like. I think I&rsquo;ll be able to go hiking in Heaven. And snorkeling &ndash; possible without needing a snorkel! I&rsquo;ll have plenty of time for reading and writing. And maybe I&rsquo;ll finally learn how to play an instrument. I&rsquo;ll visit with friends and family. And &ndash; what I&rsquo;m looking forward to most of all &ndash; I&rsquo;ll be able to sit at the feet of my savior and hear his voice clearly. I won&rsquo;t have my pride, my fears, and my insecurities all getting in my way. I will be healthy. I will be whole.</p>
<p>And maybe, I&rsquo;ll even try sitting on a cloud for a bit.</p>
<p>What do you want to do when you get to Heaven?</p>
