---
title: "Update"
layout: post
categories:
  - Daily Life
---
<p>Just a quick update.</p>
<p>Today makes 24 days of gluten, sugar, and dairy free eating. And it hasn't been all that bad. The hardest part was getting through the sugar craving stage. I can now safely sit in the same room as my students during snack time without drooling over their brownies, doritos, and blueberry muffins.&nbsp;</p>
<p>I've found a lot of new favorite recipes and I'm beginning to figure out which foods make me feel uncomfortable. I love sweet potato fries, and a large granny smith apple is too much sugar for my system. Oranges make a great, quick snack. Maple syrup makes a wonderful sweetener for just about anything. I don't like red peppers and bok choy adds a wonderful crunch to a simple salad. A friend gave me a bottle of lemon oil which paired wonderfully with some mashed raspberries, honey, and brown rice vinegar for a salad dressing that's great on salad, brown rice, riced cauliflour, or mashed potatoes. Mashed raspberries with some maple syrup and chia seeds makes a great jam.</p>
<p>I've found that I enjoy playing in the kitchen and trying out new recipes. I've almost perfected my sugar free chocolate recipe, though I've been having a lot of trouble with my oatmeal cookie attempts. I have a couple of batches of oatmeal crumble right now. Wesley suggested getting some 'milk' and using it as cereal. This evening, I heated some up with a couple of slices of apple and dropped a few of my attempts at chocolate on top. One of the best desserts I've had all month.</p>
<p>I do still miss some foods -- like the four cheese mac and cheese with honey pepper chicken at Applebees. But I really like how much better I'm feeling right now. I also like not being controlled by the sugar cravings. I savor my food now. I'm much more intentional about every bite that goes into my mouth -- and I'm enjoying each of those bites. I don't eat just because the food is sitting there. Partly because it's never just sitting there anymore. But also because of the intentionality and the thought that's going into preparing everything.&nbsp;</p>
<p>So, 24 days in and right now all's going well. I have no desire to cheat and no temptation to quit. I do however, have a lot of dishes to do...</p>
