---
title: "Day Ten"
layout: post
categories:
  - Daily Life
---
It's Day Ten of the 19th year of the 21st century, and of my gluten, sugar, and dairy free diet. 

I passed from the I-want-to-eat-my-students'-snacks-when-they're-not-looking phase, through the I-really-don't-care-if-they-are-looking stage, into the yeah-that-looks-good-but-I'm-happy-with-my-own-snack stage.

I've found that if I stuff my lunchbox with enough healthy goodies that I have choices when I get hungry, I tend to not get food envy.
I also don't panic that I'll run out of food.
Today I actually had leftovers coming home with me.

Yesterday was my first non-work or grocery shopping excursion out into the world since going gluten free.
I had an eye doctor's appointment.
Normally, I would have gone to the appointment, then grabbed something to eat somewhere on the way home.
But with the new diet, it's harder to find prepared food.
So instead, I had a couple extra pumpkin cookies that I ate just before my appointment, which filled me up enough to make it home for supper instead of eating out.
I'm not only eating healthy, I'm saving money, too.

Today was my first drag-myself-home-exhausted day since starting my new diet.
Usually, these are days when I'd pull a tv dinner out of the freezer and pop it into the microwave.
That's not an option on my new diet.
As I drove home, I was mentally running through all of my options.
What did I have that would be simple?
Maybe a bowl of cereal with coconut milk or a piece of toast with jam?
(Coincidentally, that's what I had for breakfast today).
Then I remembered the avocado I'd bought and never used.

So, today's lazy day supper was a piece of homemade bread that I pulled out of the freezer and toasted, topped with mashed avocado, and a reheated turkey burger that I'd grilled up on Sunday.
It was quick, easy, and delicious.
The hardest part was opening the silicone freezer bag holding the bread.

I outlasted the food envy stage.
I broke the old habit of eating out after appointments.
I ate healthy when I was too tired to cook healthy.
And I've almost made it to day 12 - the day most Americans give up on their New Year's resolutions.
I have high hopes for this year.

How are you doing on your goals and plans?
