---
title: "High Five"
layout: post
categories:
  - Daily Life
---
Fridays have become 'High Five Fridays' at my school.
Some Fridays, the town firefighters line the corrider and high five all of the students walking down the hallway toward class.
One Friday the local highschool cheerleaders and footballer players cheered us on to class.
My students got to salute and high five local veterans on Veteran's Day.
The kids love it.
They get a bit excited and riled up and tend to be a tad bouncy throughout reading group, but they love it.

Yesterday, it was the first Friday after vacation, the third day of a three day school week, and there were no high fives.
As I went down the line, greeting each of my students by name, a few of them expressed their disappointment.
"There were no high fives."
So we decided to do something about it.

I asked my students if they wanted to be the ones giving the high fives this time.

I lined my little ones up, had them drop their coats and backpacks behind them and put their hands up.
They stood there and high fived every child and teacher as the other classes walked by.
My shoulder was quite sore by the end, but the grins on those faces made it more than worth it. 
Some students complained about their hands hurting, but they couldn't stop smiling through the complaint.
One child asked if we were going to miss snack because the classes just kept filing out of the gym.
I promised them that we would definitely get to our classroom in time for snack.
But I really don't think they would have minded all that much if we didn't. 

And the reaction from the other students was just as amazing.
Laughter and thank-you's from teachers.
High fives and smiles from students.
My former students gave me bear hugs when they saw me in the high five line. 
Students with siblings in my class stopped for hugs, too.

My students absolutely love getting high fives. 
I stand by the door and give them high fives almost every time they enter my classroom.
It's expected now.
If I enter the room first and head to my desk, they'll follow me in for a high five. 
They love getting those high fives. 

But yesterday, my students learned the power they have to make other people happy by **giving** a high five.
They also learned how to turn a disappointment into a fun experience. 
How to see a need and fill it.

So my challenge for you is to think about what has disappointed you recently.
What is making you sad or angry or frustrated?
Chances are it's bugging someone else, too.
So once you find the need, go fill it.

And give someone a high five along the way!
