---
title: "Thank You"
layout: post
categories:
  - Poetry
---
<p>Thank You</p>
<p>for the confusion</p>
<p>that drives me to question,</p>
<p>to dig, to wrestle.</p>
<p>To spend time with You</p>
<p>in Your word and in books</p>
<p>written by others who have</p>
<p>dug and wrestled before me.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Thank you</p>
<p>for the painful moments</p>
<p>that drive me to collapse at your feet</p>
<p>in tears</p>
<p>as I cling to your whisper,</p>
<p>recite your promises,</p>
<p>and remind myself</p>
<p>over and over and over again</p>
<p>that you love me.</p>
<p>That this too shall pass.</p>
<p>That joy will come in the morning.</p>
<p>That Heaven is better.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Thank You</p>
<p>for the lonely moments</p>
<p>that remind me to sit and talk with you,</p>
<p>to be still and listen</p>
<p>for your whisper,</p>
<p>to look for your hand</p>
<p>throughout my story,</p>
<p>to retell the old stories</p>
<p>of you you&rsquo;ve loved your people</p>
<p>and how you love me,</p>
<p>of how you will never leave me</p>
<p>or forsake me</p>
<p>and I&rsquo;ll never be alone.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Thank you</p>
<p>for the peace</p>
<p>that floods my heart</p>
<p>when I stop and dwell on you,</p>
<p>that lets me hear the yells,</p>
<p>taunts, cries, and threats</p>
<p>of the world</p>
<p>without any fear of their bite,</p>
<p>because you alone hold my future</p>
<p>and you always hold my heart.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Thank you</p>
<p>for the Hope</p>
<p>that keeps me stepping forward</p>
<p>even when my blistered feet ache</p>
<p>because I know the rest at the end</p>
<p>will be more than worth it.</p>
<p>Because I know you will meet each need</p>
<p>and equip me for each battle</p>
<p>and provide for each moment</p>
<p>in that moment.</p>
<p>I may not have right now</p>
<p>what I will need tomorrow,</p>
<p>but I&rsquo;ll always have</p>
<p>all I need for right now.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Thank You.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
