---
title: "Right Now"
layout: post
categories: 
  - Daily Life
---
<p><span style="color: #999999;">Just a quick update before I head off to read for a bit.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #999999;">Today is the 7<sup>th</sup> of February, the 38<sup>th</sup> day of 2019. For all of us who are still fighting forward in our New Year&rsquo;s Resolutions, we&rsquo;ve now made it 26 days past the time when most American&rsquo;s call it quits and 17 days past the date for simple habit formation. Well done.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #999999;">I&rsquo;m still on my gluten free, sugar free, and dairy free menu with no cheats and no regrets. However, I am having an ice-cream party with my children at school tomorrow and I might be sorely tempted to lick a spoon or two. One of my little ones requested dairy-free ice-cream, so that&rsquo;s the one I&rsquo;ll sample if I cave. At least it&rsquo;s still gluten and dairy free. We need some special treats now and then. I&rsquo;m already planning out all the possible treats for my birthday next month.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #999999;">I&rsquo;ve also kicked my exercising up a notch. In January I began walking on the treadmill again. In February, I added some strength training. Not quite every day, but more than every other.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #999999;">I&rsquo;ve also been reading and praying more. I made a list of the activities that I find to be the most important to me and I keep track of which I do each day. Because I&rsquo;m being intentional about how I spend my time, I&rsquo;m finding that the tv isn&rsquo;t running nearly as much as it used to and the decluttering and organizing is coming along nicely. I even got another draft submitted for my doctoral study, which received some positive feedback from my first chair. I've blogged every day this year.&nbsp;<em>And</em> I got a stack of papers graded today.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #999999;">I&rsquo;m not where I&rsquo;m hoping to be by the end of the year, but I&rsquo;m making good progress and I&rsquo;m enjoying the journey. That&rsquo;s the part I have to keep returning to. Sometimes I become so task focused that I forget that the journey is just as important as the destination.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #999999;">Life is too short to spend it asking if we&rsquo;re there yet, or to waste it looking out the back window wishing we hadn&rsquo;t left so much behind. We need to thrive in the now and enjoy our today. We need to stick to our exercise plans and eat healthy so we can have a better tomorrow. But we also need to savor today, and every now and then, we need to lick the spoons. </span></p>
<p><span style="color: #999999;">Enjoy your right now!</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
