---
title: "Day 43"
layout: post
categories:
  - Daily Life
---
<p>Every now and then I hear another snowplow scraping by outside. I&rsquo;m beginning to wind down and preparing to curl up under the covers but those plow drivers still have a long night of pushing snowflakes and knocking over mailboxes ahead of them. One of the many jobs out there that just can&rsquo;t compare with teaching&hellip;</p>
<p>Today was a pretty good day. Most of my students tried to pay attention for most of the lessons. We didn&rsquo;t have ice cream, but we studied some new concepts, and nobody got hurt. We also had an early dismissal due to the promised snowstorm.</p>
<p>I had great intentions of filling my extra hours by getting a lot of things done and trying out a few new recipes, but instead, I simply came home and curled up on the hearth and read by the fire, just relaxing and turning pages. Sometimes the simple days are the best.</p>
<p>Today is the 43<sup>rd</sup> day of 2019. I&rsquo;ve been following through on my New Year&rsquo;s Resolutions for twice as long as it takes to form a simple habit. I think I can safely say that they&rsquo;re no longer resolutions, but a part of my lifestyle&nbsp;</p>
<p>My idea of binge eating after a hard day now consists of a couple of pieces of dairy and sugar free chocolates (I&rsquo;m very happy with the latest batch!) and a handful of sweet potato chips. I&rsquo;m getting quite comfortable with mixing up a loaf of bread every Sunday afternoon and grilling up the chicken for my salads while it bakes.</p>
<p>It&rsquo;s surprising how quickly the new and different becomes comfortably routine. I can definitely do this for another 43 days.</p>
<p>Life is good. Even without sugar.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
