---
title: "My Box"
layout: post
categories: 
   - Poetry
   - Faith
---
There is no box big enough  
to hold our God.  
So why do we so often insist  
on putting him in one?

It&#39;s easy to build a mental picture  
of what we want Him to do and be.  
But if I&#39;m creating a god,  
it will only be as big and powerful  
as I can imagine.

I want a God Who&#39;s so much bigger than that!

I want a God  
Who sees around corners  
and Who knows what&#39;s on the road ahead.  
Who can control all the minute and immense pieces  
of my life and my universe,  
Who makes seemingly random events  
coalesce into divinely planned coincidences.

But to have those perfectly-prepared-for-me moments,  
I need to accept all the moments  
that build up to them.

The painful growth moments  
as He chisels off my rough edges,  
the difficult waits  
when I learn patience and trust.  
Those confusing, bewildering, frustrating moments  
when I don&#39;t get my own way  
and never find out why.  
They&#39;re all a part of the package.  
They&#39;re all a part of the plan.

Yes, I could imagine a life  
where everything goes my way  
and a god who only does my bidding –  
but I could never have imagined an elephant.

I could never have imagined  
the I-get-it! light in a second grader&#39;s eyes  
after a long math lesson.  
I could never have imagined  
the bliss of sinking into a bubble bath  
after a painfully long workout at the gym.  
I could never have imagined  
the tight bear hug  
after a way-too-long absence.

I could never have imagined,  
and still can&#39;t quite yet imagine  
stepping into a flawless eternity  
after a life here on earth.

I could never begin to write a story  
near as good  
as the one God is writing with my life  
when I let Him  
out of my box.
