---
title: "Reboot"
layout: post
categories:
   - Daily Life
---
I&#39;m one of those people who likes to leave the windows open. No, not in my house. Those are all firmly closed right now in anticipation of another long cold winter.

On my computer.

It&#39;s easier to find things again if I just leave the tab open.

I was super excited when my daughter showed me how to swoop my fingers up on the touchpad to create new desktops and see every app I have open. Right now I have open apps scattered across five desktops…

The problem is that my computer doesn&#39;t love it quite as much as I do.

The more windows I have open, the harder my computer has to think. Eventually, it starts to run slower, and sometimes it begins to glitch. After recording three videos today, my computer told me that it didn&#39;t have a camera.

Once I get to that point, the best fix seems to be to close all of the tabs and windows, and power down the computer. It needs a chance to rest and start fresh.

I&#39;m slowly realizing that humans are like that, too.

We scoot (I almost said zoom, which would have also been accurate) through each day, multitasking in our projects and our relationships. Many of us have so much going on that our battery is drained and our processing speed is severely compromised. This is even more noticeable as we work remotely and the separation between work time and family time gets blurry. As demands increase, we sometimes find ourselves juggling multiple projects simultaneously, dipping into the reserves we&#39;d set aside for fun. But where&#39;s the fun in that?

Let&#39;s break the trend.

This weekend, make time for fun. Turn off the computer. Set the phone to privacy mode. Close all the windows and take a Sabbath. Do something new. Go on an adventure. Celebrate Johnny Appleseed&#39;s birthday. Light up the fire pit and make s&#39;mores.

It&#39;s time to reboot.
