---
title: "Stories"
layout: post
categories:
   - Daily Life
---
On my way to work, I passed an old man walking his dog.

I&#39;ve passed this old man and his dog every day on the way to work for years. I smile. Sometimes he smiles back. Sometimes he&#39;s focused on his dog and doesn&#39;t even notice me. I think he waved once.

But today, as I pulled out to go around him, was the first time I wondered what his story was.

How did he used to spend his days?

Did he once have a nine-to-five job, driving to work every morning to put things together or take things apart? Was he serving in a branch of the armed forces, risking his own safety to protect my rights and privileges? Did he raise children, teaching them manners and skills, and how to play sports? Did he write his thoughts and experiences down for my generation to discover and learn from?

As he faded into the distance in my rear view mirror, I pondered the thought: We all have such interesting stories.

And for a moment I glimpsed the depth and complexity of life as our individual stories intersect and merge, changing the theme, the plot, and sometimes the genre. Sadly, I&#39;ve had people who entered my life for a moment and turned it for that awful moment into a horror story. Fortunately, I&#39;ve also had many friends and family who helped shape my life into a great romantic adventure. Of course, I&#39;ve also got some friends who make my life a happy comedy.

Mine would be a pretty boring story if I were the only character and mine the only plot thread running through it. I need supporting characters. And I&#39;m happy to be a supporting character in your story.

I&#39;m glad we&#39;re writing this book together.

In the comments, would you share a bit of _your_ story?
