---
title: "Mornings"
layout: post
categories:
  - Daily Life
---
I don&#39;t really like mornings.

Well, that&#39;s not entirely true. Mornings are ok. Some are actually pretty awesome. Like when I can sleep late, then lay in bed with a good book, eventually getting up to grab a cinnamon roll or apple cider donut and eat it on the deck. It&#39;s the mornings that I have to get up early and rush around, washing my hair and putting on teaching clothes that I take issue with. I really do love my job. I just don&#39;t like having to get out of bed before the sun does.

I do as much as I can the night before to make it easier: meal prepping, picking out clothes to wear, packing my bag, and leaving little reminder notes. I also set my alarm for a half hour before I have to get up so that I can read a chapter in bed before getting up to face the world.

I&#39;ve read books that talk about spending the first part of each day with God – reading, praying, reflecting on how you&#39;ll spend the day. I&#39;ve heard you should give your best times to God.

But that&#39;s the problem. Mornings are not my best times.

Some mornings I&#39;m moving on autopilot. I get out of bed, feed the cats, take a shower, get dressed, pour my cereal – it&#39;s not until I collapse into my rocking chair with a whispered, &quot;Thank you&quot; that I begin thinking coherently.

I have friends who are up and about at early hours in the morning, using that quiet time before their families get up. I&#39;ve tried it. I often end up sleep reading paragraphs and having to reread them over and over again, never quite focusing on the content. Mornings just aren&#39;t my best times for devotions.

The problem is, there&#39;s no time that is.

After breakfast, I head to work. I usually stay for a couple of hours after the kids leave to grade papers, find my desk, pick up the room, and plan for the next day. Then, when I get home, it&#39;s time to feed the cats and make supper. Then I curl up on the couch to watch a spot of Netflix while grading some more papers. Then, it&#39;s time to begin prepping for the next morning. I read my Bible chapters, write a brief synopsis of my day, say a perfunctory prayer, then crawl back into bed to get some sleep before doing it all over again.

And suddenly, I&#39;ve made it through another day without finding my best time to give to God.

A few minutes here and there, whispers of thanks before meals and arrow prayers for help in tight situations. A couple of Bible chapters in the morning and at night, a blog with dinner. Virtual church service on Sunday. It&#39;s like putting a few drops in my gas tank every now and then, but never swinging by the station to fill it up.

It&#39;s not enough.

God has given me so much. How can I be giving Him back so little?

And I suddenly realize. He doesn&#39;t want my best. He just wants me.

He just wants to spend my time with me. Side by side. Sharing my thoughts. Sharing my heart. Walking through my classroom with me, hearing my hopes and dreams for each of my students, loving them with me. Listening to me praise Him on the way to work. Speaking loudly into my still silence as I finally freeze to wait on Him for guidance and refreshing. Being with me through _all_ of my times.

My focus shifts. My attitude adjusts. And suddenly, I&#39;m excited about tomorrow morning…
